"NORC at the University of Chicago is one of the largest independent social research organizations in the United States, established in 1941. Its corporate headquarters is on the University of Chicago campus, with offices in several other locations throughout the United States."

"I'm a Research Scientist at the National Opinion Research Center (NORC) at the University of Chicago. I'm trained as a generative linguist, with specialization in formal semantics and psycholinguistics. But these days I spend most of my time doing quantitative data analysis and statistical modeling for research groups in a range of social science fields. \n\n I did my PhD in linguistics at NYU (2009-14) with Chris Barker, and then a postdoc at the University of Chicago (2014-16) with Chris Kennedy and Ming Xiang. During grad school, I also worked with Liina Pylkkanen on the neural correlates of adjective-noun modification using MEG (LCN paper). \n\n The bloggie section will contain occassional ramblings, technical tutorials, ideas for studies, methodological quibbles/observations, tips on pitfalls to avoid when learning how to code, miscellaneous thoughts, etc. Just starting it up mid-2017, so probably will still be sparse if you're looking at it and this sentence is still here. \n\n You can find papers, handouts, and my dissertation over on the research page. The teaching page has some potentially useful resources, especially if you're going to teach an undergrad psycholinguistics course anytime soon, or if you want some introductory materials on using R for scientific computing. Also here's a short version of my cv."

"A panel of Goldman Sachs employees spent a recent Tuesday night at the Columbia University faculty club trying to convince a packed room of potential recruits that Wall Street, not Silicon Valley, was the place to be for computer scientists.\n\n The Goldman employees knew they had an uphill battle. They were fighting against perceptions of Wall Street as boring and regulation-bound and Silicon Valley as the promised land of flip-flops, beanbag chairs and million-dollar stock options.\n\n Their argument to the room of technologically inclined students was that Wall Street was where they could find far more challenging, diverse and, yes, lucrative jobs working on some of the worlds most difficult technical problems.\n\n Whereas in other opportunities you might be considering, it is working one type of data or one type of application, we deal in hundreds of products in hundreds of markets, with thousands or tens of thousands of clients, every day, millions of times of day worldwide, Afsheen Afshar, a managing director at Goldman Sachs, told the students."

"In the 19th century, the major European powers had gone to great lengths to maintain a balance of power throughout Europe, resulting in the existence of a complex network of political and military alliances throughout the continent by 1900.[7] These had started in 1815, with the Holy Alliance between Prussia, Russia, and Austria. Then, in October 1873, German Chancellor Otto von Bismarck negotiated the League of the Three Emperors (German: Dreikaiserbund) between the monarchs of Austria-Hungary, Russia and Germany."

